Dr alab was caring for the wounded at
alaka
hospital but she could not help her
brother
Muhammad only an hour before Muhammad
was killed by an Israeli
drone it hid their home in
their a Palestinian family is gone too
six children killed in their sleep along
with their
mother my daughter had been struggling
to have children for years she had those
children through IVF the oldest brother
a girl who was a year and a half and
quadruplets were all killed their mother
was a UN agency staff what wrong did
those innocent children do were they
posing any danger to Israel were they
carrying
arms Israel has issued New Forest
evacuation orders in parts of the city
much of it is already
uninhabitable Gaza civil defense says
90% of the strips facilities have been
destroyed its so-called safe zone now
reduced to 10% of the
strip Israeli Army orders have reduced
the humanitarian Zone from 30 km to less
than 20 km crowding and cramming
civilians in a narrow strip under hot
temperatures will cause an outbreak of
diseases in addition people will lose
access to two out of the only three
major water tanks and 10 of the 19 major
water wells which serve more than 60% in
the area all these will no longer be
accessible by
residents closing in on an Ever
shrinking space in dur Israeli bombs
tour through the NOA refugee camp
killing several
children talks for a potential seiz fire
are expected to resume in Cairo on
Thursday a deal would bring much needed
respite for millions of Palestinians who
have experienced months of Devastation
the majority of those killed or injured
have been women and children according
to UNICEF the rate of the children's
death in this conflict is unprecedented
in the history of modern Wars they're
also more vulnerable to diseases like
polio that Health officials warn it
could spread to the displace putting the
future of these children at even more
risk Han Mahmud Al jaaz from City in the
Central Area
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer